c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\ERP_System.exe.config
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\ERP_DB.mdf
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\ERP_DB_log.ldf
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\ERP_System.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\ERP_System.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ChoseFuncWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ChoseFuncWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System_Content.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.g.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.exe
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\ERP_System.pdb
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\InfoModule\ManageUserWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\InfoModule\ModifyInfoWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\MMModule\MMWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\SDModule\SDWindow.baml
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\InfoModule\ManageUserWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\InfoModule\ModifyInfoWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\MMModule\MMWindow.g.cs
c:\users\richard\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ERP_System\ERP_System\obj\Debug\SDModule\SDWindow.g.cs
